[discourse-gatekeeper] Migrate charm docs (#120)
canonical/kafka-k8s-operator: docs/tutorial/t-relate-kafka.md

## Integrate with client applications

As mentioned in the previous section of the Tutorial, the recommended way to create and manage users is by means of another charm: the [Data Integrator Charm](https://charmhub.io/data-integrator). This will let us encode users directly in the Juju model, and - as shown in the following - rotate user credentials rotations with and without application downtime using Relations.

> > Relations, or what Juju documentation describes also as [Integration](https://juju.is/docs/sdk/integration), let two charms to exchange information and interact with one another. Creating a relation between Kafka and the Data Integrator will let us to automatically create a username, password, and topic for the desired user/application, and this is indeed the easiest way to create and manage users for Kafka in Charmed Kafka.

Reviewer: is it `let us to automatically` or `let us automatically`?

Reviewer 2: Actually, I don't like us using `let` too much. How about this:
```suggestion
> Relations, or what Juju documentation describes also as [Integration](https://juju.is/docs/sdk/integration), let two charms to exchange information and interact with one another. Creating a relation between Kafka and the Data Integrator will automatically generate a username, password, and topic for the specified user or application. This is the simplest method to create and manage users in Charmed Kafka.
```

Reviewer: I like it. I would just maybe improve the wording as follows

```suggestion
> Relations, or what Juju documentation describes also as [Integration](https://juju.is/docs/sdk/integration), let two charms to exchange information and interact with one another. Creating a relation between Kafka and the Data Integrator will automatically generate a username, password, and assign read/write permissions on a given topic. This is the simplest method to create and manage users in Charmed Kafka.
```

  -c "cg"
```

### Charm client applications

Actually, the Data Integrator is only a very special client charm,  that implements the `kafka_client` relation for exchanging data with the Kafka charm for user management via relations. 

> For example, the steps above for producing and consuming messages to Kafka have also been implemented in the `kafka-test-app` charm (that also implement the `kafka_client` relation) providing a fully integrated Charmed user experience, where producing/consuming messages can simply be achieved using relations.  

Reviewer: as elsewhere
